docs: worker related notes (#8554)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/worker-options.md

- **Type:** [`(Plugin | Plugin[])[]`](./shared-options#plugins)

> Vite plugins that apply to worker bundle. Note `config.plugin` is not apply to worker, we should config the specific plugins of bundle worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vite plugins that apply to worker bundle. Note that `config.plugins` does not apply to workers, it should be configured here instead.
```

> Vite plugins that apply to worker bundle. Note `config.plugin` is not apply to worker, we should config the specific plugins of bundle worker.

Reviewer 2: I think it is helpful if there is a link from `config.plugin` to here because people might not notice this config.
